README.md, before:

# Sunday Service 🎥

A powerful Python-based video and audio processing tool that provides a simple command-line interface for manipulating media files. Sunday_Service makes it easy to convert video formats, work with audio, generate thumbnails, and download videos from the internet.

## ✨ Features

- 🎬 Convert videos between different formats
- 🔊 Extract audio from video files
- 🎵 Bind audio tracks to videos
- 🔈 Adjust audio gain levels
- ✂️ Trim videos to specific lengths
- 🖼️ Generate video thumbnails
- ⬇️ Download videos from online sources

## 🔧 Prerequisites

Before getting started, make sure you have the following installed:

- Python 3.6 or higher
- FFmpeg
- pip (Python package installer)

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Sunday_Service.git
   cd Sunday_Service
   ```

2. Install required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## 🚀 Usage

Launch Sunday_Service by running:
```bash
python Sunday_Service.py
```

You'll be presented with the following menu options:

1. Change video format
2. Extract Audio
3. Bind Audio
4. Change Gain
5. Trim Video
6. Generate Thumbnails
7. Download Video
8. Exit

Simply enter the number corresponding to your desired operation and follow the prompts.

## 📝 Examples

### Converting Video Format
```bash
1. Select option 1 (Change video format)
2. Enter input path: /path/to/your/video.mp4
3. Enter output format: avi
```

### Extracting Audio
```bash
1. Select option 2 (Extract Audio)
2. Enter input path: /path/to/your/video.mp4
3. Enter output filename: audio_output.wav
```

### Downloading Video
```bash
1. Select option 7 (Download Video)
2. Enter download location (or press Enter for current directory)
3. Enter video URL
```


## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📫 Contact

If you have any questions or feedback, please reach out:

- **Maintainer**: [Edzemundo](https://github.com/Edzemundo/)

---

<div align="center">
Did this as a personal project - Not a software engineer - so any feedback is welcome. This README was very much made with an LLM 🫡.
</div>

Commit message:

Downloaded videos can now be renamed (will be asked before download begins).
Documentation update

no clue

README.md, after:

# Sunday Service 🎥

A powerful Python-based video and audio processing tool that provides a simple command-line interface for manipulating media files. Sunday_Service makes it easy to convert video formats, work with audio, generate thumbnails, and download videos from the internet.

## ✨ Features

- 🎬 Convert videos between different formats
- 🔊 Extract audio from video files
- 🎵 Bind audio tracks to videos
- 🔈 Adjust audio gain levels
- ✂️ Trim videos to specific lengths
- 🖼️ Generate video thumbnails
- ⬇️ Download videos from online sources

## 🔧 Prerequisites

Before getting started, make sure you have the following installed:

- Python 3.6 or higher
- FFmpeg
- pip (Python package installer)

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Sunday_Service.git
   cd Sunday_Service
   ```

2. Install required dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## 🚀 Usage

Launch Sunday_Service by running:

```bash
python Sunday_Service.py
```

You'll be presented with the following menu options:

1. Change video format
2. Extract Audio
3. Bind Audio
4. Change Gain
5. Trim Video
6. Generate Thumbnails
7. Download Video
8. Exit

Simply enter the number corresponding to your desired operation and follow the prompts.

## 📝 Examples

### Converting Video Format

```bash
1. Select option 1 (Change video format)
2. Enter input path: /path/to/your/video.mp4
3. Enter output format: avi
```

### Extracting Audio

```bash
1. Select option 2 (Extract Audio)
2. Enter input path: /path/to/your/video.mp4
3. Enter output filename: audio_output.wav
```

### Downloading Video

```bash
1. Select option 7 (Download Video)
2. Enter download location (or press Enter for current directory)
3. Ender download filename (or press Enter for default name from URL)
4. Enter video URL
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 📫 Contact

If you have any questions or feedback, please reach out:

- **Maintainer**: [Edzemundo](https://github.com/Edzemundo/)

---

<div align="center">
Did this as a personal project - Not a software engineer - so any feedback is welcome. This README was very much made with an LLM 🫡.
</div>
